Who are you doing?
Dare to drop Qin Shao's congratulatory gift
What do you count me next time?
Drop my stuff
Just a fake
As for all the fuss?
Joke Qin Shao's identity is so noble
How can you give a fake gift?
You said my stuff was fake.
Today, if you can't produce evidence
I'll let you be a cow and a horse to lose money to atone for your sins
It's over, something big is going to happen
Zhuo Wei, please see
What microwave oven is written above?
Hahahahahahahahahaha
Hahaha, try it first.
Drinking alcohol is also heated in the microwave oven. Impossible?
The gift given by Mr. Qin is actually a pornographic product
This is too embarrassing for Young Master Qin. Come here
Shall I ask you to buy a high-quality imitation?
Why did you buy me such a shitty thing?
Captain, I was wrong. I was wrong
Go over there and stand with the trash can and roll
I'm really sorry just now
People don't do things well
The inspection product that cost tens of millions to buy
I'm so sorry.
I'll have someone tomorrow.
Send another baby of equal value.
Hey, okay, you're welcome.
Those are already very precious.
Unchanged
Oh, I almost forgot.
I'm going to give it to that guest today.
A chance to show
Shen Yan
Ye Lao's birthday party today
What do you got?
You didn't bring anything, did you?
You won't be empty-handed.
Are you coming to attend Ye Lao's birthday banquet?